Update the link for new Discussion (#4216)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: README.md

We welcome contributions from community members to this repo:
- **Fixes**: When you notice an error, you can use the `Edit this page` button at the bottom of each page to suggest a change.
- **New documentation**: If you contributed code in [dbt-core](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core), we encourage you to also write the docs here! Please reach out in the dbt community if you need help finding a place for these docs.

> - **Major rewrites**: You can [file an issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/new?assignees=&labels=content%2Cimprovement&template=improve-docs.yml) or [start a discussion](https://discourse.getdbt.com) to propose ideas for a content area that requires attention.

Reviewer: for dbt product docs feedback/issues/suggestions, we ask users to open an issue in the docs.getdbt.com repo. for developer hub-related discussions (debugging help, sharing data practices, etc.), we recommend the discourse developer hub.
```suggestion
- **Major rewrites**: You can [file an issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/new/choose) to propose ideas for a content area that requires attention.
```
